vuepress/components/search.md, before:

# Search Fields

<!-- #region search -->
<section class="mds">
  <div class="grid grid-cols-1 lg:grid-cols-2 gap-20">
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Regular</strong>
      <mx-search name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Dense</strong>
      <mx-search dense name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Flat</strong>
      <mx-search flat name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Flat Dense</strong>
      <mx-search flat dense name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
  </div>
</section>
<!-- #endregion search -->

<<< @/vuepress/components/search.md#search

### Properites

| Property      | Attribute     | Description                                                                                           | Type      | Default     |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `ariaLabel`   | `aria-label`  | If not provided, the `aria-label` will fallback to either the `placeholder` value or simply "Search". | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `dense`       | `dense`       |                                                                                                       | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `flat`        | `flat`        |                                                                                                       | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `name`        | `name`        |                                                                                                       | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `placeholder` | `placeholder` |                                                                                                       | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `value`       | `value`       |                                                                                                       | `string`  | `undefined` |

### CSS Variables

<<< @/src/tailwind/variables/index.scss#search

Commit message:

Add clear button to search field

vuepress/components/search.md, after:

# Search Fields

<!-- #region search -->
<section class="mds">
  <div class="grid grid-cols-1 lg:grid-cols-2 gap-20">
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Regular</strong>
      <mx-search name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Dense</strong>
      <mx-search dense name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Flat</strong>
      <mx-search flat name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
    <div class="space-y-20">
      <strong>Flat Dense</strong>
      <mx-search flat dense name="search" placeholder="Search" />
    </div>
  </div>
</section>
<!-- #endregion search -->

<<< @/vuepress/components/search.md#search

### Properites

| Property      | Attribute     | Description                                                                                           | Type      | Default     |
| ------------- | ------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `ariaLabel`   | `aria-label`  | If not provided, the `aria-label` will fallback to either the `placeholder` value or simply "Search". | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `dense`       | `dense`       |                                                                                                       | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `flat`        | `flat`        |                                                                                                       | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `name`        | `name`        |                                                                                                       | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `placeholder` | `placeholder` |                                                                                                       | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `showClear`   | `show-clear`  | Set to `false` to hide the clear button.                                                              | `boolean` | `true`      |
| `value`       | `value`       |                                                                                                       | `string`  | `undefined` |

### CSS Variables

<<< @/src/tailwind/variables/index.scss#search
