vuepress/components/snackbars.md, before:

# Snackbars

Snackbars are used to alert the user of changes, usually in direct result of an action the user has taken. For example, a confirmation of a deleted item. These are utilitarian and should not be used for marketing alerts.
For higher priority alerts, consider [Banners](/components/banners.html).

The main content of the snackbar is placed in the default slot. If an action is needed, add a [Text Button](/components/buttons.html#text-buttons) to the `action` slot.

If multiple snackbars are triggered, they will be queued and displayed consecutively.

<!-- #region snackbars -->
<section class="mds">
  <div class="my-20">
    <mx-button btn-type="simple" @click="isOpen1 = true">Trigger Simple Snackbar</mx-button>
    <mx-snackbar :is-open="isOpen1" @mxClose="isOpen1 = false">
      Page has been published
    </mx-snackbar>
  </div>
  <div class="my-20">
    <mx-button btn-type="simple" @click="isOpen2 = true">Trigger Snackbar with Action</mx-button>
    <mx-snackbar :is-open="isOpen2" duration="5000" @mxClose="isOpen2 = false">
      Page has been published
      <mx-button slot="action" btn-type="text">Undo</mx-button>
    </mx-snackbar>
  </div>
  <div class="my-20">
    <mx-button btn-type="simple" @click="isOpen3 = true">Trigger Multi-Line Snackbar with Action</mx-button>
    <mx-snackbar :is-open="isOpen3" @mxClose="isOpen3 = false">
      The <strong>Hello World</strong> page has been successfully published
      <mx-button slot="action" btn-type="text">Dismiss</mx-button>
    </mx-snackbar>
  </div>
</section>
  <!-- #endregion snackbars -->

<<< @/vuepress/components/snackbars.md#snackbars

### Properties

| Property   | Attribute  | Description | Type      | Default |
| ---------- | ---------- | ----------- | --------- | ------- |
| `duration` | `duration` |             | `number`  | `6000`  |
| `isOpen`   | `is-open`  |             | `boolean` | `false` |

### Events

| Event     | Description | Type                |
| --------- | ----------- | ------------------- |
| `mxClose` |             | `CustomEvent<void>` |

### CSS Variables

<<< @/src/tailwind/variables/index.scss#snackbars

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      isOpen1: false,
      isOpen2: false,
      isOpen3: false,
    }
  }
}
</script>

Commit message:

Update snackbar: button color and docs ENG-145350

vuepress/components/snackbars.md, after:

# Snackbars

Snackbars are used to alert the user of changes, usually in direct result of an action the user has taken. For example, a confirmation of a deleted item. These are utilitarian and should not be used for marketing alerts.
For higher priority alerts, consider [Banners](/components/banners.html).

The main content of the snackbar is placed in the default slot. If an action is needed, add a [Text Button](/components/buttons.html#text-buttons) to the `action` slot.

If multiple snackbars are triggered, they will be queued and displayed consecutively.

<!-- #region snackbars -->
<section class="mds">
  <div class="my-20">
    <mx-button btn-type="simple" @click="isOpen1 = true">Trigger Simple Snackbar</mx-button>
    <mx-snackbar :is-open="isOpen1" @mxClose="isOpen1 = false">
      Page has been published
    </mx-snackbar>
  </div>
  <div class="my-20">
    <mx-button btn-type="simple" @click="isOpen2 = true">Trigger Snackbar with Action</mx-button>
    <mx-snackbar :is-open="isOpen2" duration="5000" @mxClose="isOpen2 = false">
      Page has been published
      <mx-button slot="action" btn-type="text">Undo</mx-button>
    </mx-snackbar>
  </div>
  <div class="my-20">
    <mx-button btn-type="simple" @click="isOpen3 = true">Trigger Multi-Line Snackbar with Action</mx-button>
    <mx-snackbar :is-open="isOpen3" @mxClose="isOpen3 = false">
      The <strong>Hello World</strong> page has been successfully published
      <mx-button slot="action" btn-type="text">Dismiss</mx-button>
    </mx-snackbar>
  </div>
</section>
  <!-- #endregion snackbars -->

<<< @/vuepress/components/snackbars.md#snackbars

### Properties

| Property   | Attribute  | Description                                                                     | Type      | Default |
| ---------- | ---------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ------- |
| `duration` | `duration` | The duration in milliseconds to show the snackbar before automatically closing. | `number`  | `6000`  |
| `isOpen`   | `is-open`  | Toggles the visibility of the snackbar.                                         | `boolean` | `false` |

### Events

| Event     | Description                                       | Type                |
| --------- | ------------------------------------------------- | ------------------- |
| `mxClose` | Emitted after the snackbar closes (by any means). | `CustomEvent<void>` |

### CSS Variables

<<< @/src/tailwind/variables/index.scss#snackbars

<script>
export default {
  data() {
    return {
      isOpen1: false,
      isOpen2: false,
      isOpen3: false,
    }
  }
}
</script>
