src/components/mx-badge/readme.md, before:

# mx-badge



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property     | Attribute     | Description                                                      | Type      | Default     |
| ------------ | ------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------- | ----------- |
| `badgeClass` | `badge-class` | Additional classes to add to the badge itself                    | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `bottom`     | `bottom`      | Anchor the badge to the bottom of the wrapped content            | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `dot`        | `dot`         | Display as a small dot (no value)                                | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `icon`       | `icon`        | Class name of icon                                               | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `left`       | `left`        | Anchor the badge to the left of the wrapped content              | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `snug`       | `snug`        | Place badge even further inward (suitable for icon buttons)      | `boolean` | `undefined` |
| `squared`    | `squared`     | Make the corners a little more square (best for standalone text) | `boolean` | `undefined` |
| `tight`      | `tight`       | Place badge further inward (suitable for rounded buttons)        | `boolean` | `undefined` |
| `value`      | `value`       | The value to display inside the badge                            | `any`     | `undefined` |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*

Commit message:

Replace tight and snug props with offset

src/components/mx-badge/readme.md, after:

# mx-badge



<!-- Auto Generated Below -->


## Properties

| Property     | Attribute     | Description                                                        | Type      | Default     |
| ------------ | ------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------- | ----------- |
| `badgeClass` | `badge-class` | Additional classes to add to the badge itself                      | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `bottom`     | `bottom`      | Anchor the badge to the bottom of the wrapped content              | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `dot`        | `dot`         | Display as a small dot (no value)                                  | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `icon`       | `icon`        | Class name of icon                                                 | `string`  | `undefined` |
| `left`       | `left`        | Anchor the badge to the left of the wrapped content                | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `offset`     | `offset`      | Offset badge inward by this many pixels (e.g. 10 for icon buttons) | `number`  | `0`         |
| `squared`    | `squared`     | Make the corners a little more square (best for standalone text)   | `boolean` | `false`     |
| `value`      | `value`       | The value to display inside the badge                              | `any`     | `undefined` |


----------------------------------------------

*Built with [StencilJS](https://stenciljs.com/)*
